Previously, on "Heartland"...
You don't understand.
They're sending me to camp.
For the whole summer.
So, what's your plan?
To stay here?
You want me to tie a big red bow
around his neck?
You got me a horse
for my birthday?
A horse for your birthday.
You want to give me advice
about horses?
I'm good with that.
But you telling me
what's going on with Amy...
I get it, Grandpa.
We're not tearing down
your damn bunkhouses!
That's right
because we're fixing them up.
So, what's your first stop?
Grande Prairie Rodeo.
Got a show tonight.
The good thing is there's no time
to get scared and run.
This just about does it, Jack.
You're gonna be okay.
Mom.
We'll make her feel at home, Jess.
Oh, well, heck, you practically
live here anyway, right, kiddo?
I want you to call us every day,
anytime.
That's what your cell phone's for,
okay?
Don't you guys have
a long drive ahead?
Go.
Go!
I love you.
Be a good girl, okay?
Jack, you take good care
of her, okay?
I will attempt to keep her
out of trouble.
Thanks, Jack.
We'll see you later.
Come on, honey.
Oh, my God,
I thought they'd never leave.
Geez, you got a kitchen sink
in here?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Amy Fleming on Storm.
45.637 seconds, no faults.
That's not your average
Heartland horse.
Nope. Great credentials.
It's the kind of horse that could
take Amy all the way to the top.
Not if my Ashley gets there first.
Second place goes
to Roland Emery on Fox Fire
from Treeridge Farms.
And first place goes
to Ashley Stanton on Apollo
from Briar Ridge.
Well, better luck next time.
Great job, Amy.
Thanks.
Beautiful horse.
I tried to buy him,
but your dad outbid me.
Well, a great horse deserves
a great rider.
You got one there.
See ya.
He was amazing!
Did you see that?
He just sailed
right over the jumps.
It was like he was reading my mind.
He was so responsive.
We were only off
by, like, a second!
You were this close to winning.
And next week's
the Spring Challenge, okay?
You could take the red ribbon.
I know you can do it.
Amy, you've got to take Storm
to the next level.
He's got to go A circuit.
Dad, that show's every weekend.
Yes, it is, and you're gonna have fun.
Are you up for it?
Absolutely.
You hear that, boy?
♪ And at the break of day ♪
♪ You sank into your dream ♪
♪ You dreamer ♪
Geez, Mallory. Planning on staying
for the rest of your life?
I couldn't decide what to bring
so I brought everything.
Yeah, no kidding.
You don't understand.
My parents sublet our house
to some freaky artists from Toronto.
They're using my room as a studio.
I don't even know what that means.
Probably pottery wheels
or drumming.
Or, oh, my God, naked models.
AMY: Bye, Dad.
I wonder how Amy did
at the show.
Her and her dad
have been practicing a ton.
I just have one question.
Who died and made him coach?
You should go see
how she did.
Later.
She's got all the fans she needs
right now.
Ooh. Jealous much?
Mallory!
This is amazing.
You know, the old ranch hands
never had it this good.
You see the teepee?
And I came in under budget.
Wow, Lou, where did you get
all this stuff?
Flea markets,
lawn sales, the attic.
I think it's pulled together
really nice.
Oh, and look at this.
"The Englishmars Boy,"
"Black Beauty,"
"Nothing Too Good
for a Cowboy."
So, are your guests coming here
to read about horses or ride them?
I just want to get them
in the mood.
Isn't this great?
Soap?
Too many creature comforts
and your guests will spend
all their time inside.
Dad, corporate types expect
a certain level of luxury,
especially at this price point.
Besides, branded stationery,
toiletry samples.
It's all good branding.
Guests take them home,
and then they remember
to tell their friends.
Leave any money in the budget
for horses?
Yes.
Well, I got a friend
who's a dealer.
His name is Harry Oaks.
He's got a string of quarter horses,
great bloodlines.
I think you should give him a call.
Arert quarter horses
a little bit high-end for trail rides?
Well, you just said your kind
of clientele expect only the best.
Check him out.
Okay, I will.
Where's the phone
for room service?
I'll get your grandpa to make me
a grilled cheese.
You're a good boy.
You did so well today.
Yes, you did.
You're not still talking to that
spoiled jumping horse, are ya?
Last I checked, he doesn't speak
a word of English.
Yeah, well, neither do you
half the time.
Well, you got third.
I'd be kicking Shorty's butt for that.
We lost by, like, a second.
In rodeo, a second is a lifetime.
So, your daddy,
he's pretty famous, huh?
Yeah.
All-Around Cowboy
five years running.
'92 to '96.
He was the best.
Roping, bull riding,
steer wrestling.
Nobody could touch Tim Fleming.
I even had a poster of him
on my wall.
Right next
to Jennifer Love Hewitt.
Oh, Jennifer Love Hewitt.
What can I say?
I had a huge crush.
Caleb.
Maybe my dad could give you
some pointers.
Do you think?
Yeah, I'll ask him.
Yeah, I mean,
that would be awesome.
Okay, cool.
Well, I'll see you tomorrow.
Yeah.
Congratulations.
Thanks.
So, is your dad
coaching you now, or...?
No, he's just sort of
helping me train.
For what?
The A circuit.
With shows every weekend?
Yeah, well, that's what you got to do
if you want to win.
So, it's all about winning now, is it?
How are you going to find the time?
I'll make it.
Well, if you want,
I can help you out.
I mean, with your chores.
How do you think I handled it
when you werert here?
Yeah. I guess you and Caleb
managed just fine, right?
So, the Spring Challenge,
we're on, right?
Got the points, got the talent.
Dad.
Let me brag about my daughter,
please.
Come on, you got to admit
it's pretty amazing
what she's accomplished
without a real coach.
Ty was a great coach.
And Amy and Spartan did amazing
at the Fall Finale.
Hmm, yeah, that was good.
I'm just saying, you know...
I mean, I'm not a coach either.
I could probably give her
a couple of pointers.
Rodeo is about timing.
Show jumping is about timing.
Question.
How are you two possibly gonna
have time for the equine retreat
when you're both at horse shows
every weekend?
I mean, Dad, you definitely said
you'd do trail rides.
I can help with the trail rides, Lou.
And, Amy, you said that you're gonna
do horse exercises with the clients.
I've already advertised it
on the website, so...
Yeah, it's no problem.
I can do it, Lou.
Okay.
All this other stuff aside,
don't you still attend
an institution called school?
Yeah, but summer vacation is soon.
You have exams first, though, right?
I'm on top of it.
School is priority number one.
Show jumping is somewhere
way down the line.
Come on, Jack.
Come on, if anybody can handle
a busy schedule, it's Amy.
Besides, honey,
you're an A student, aren't you?
Yeah, I wish.
Never mind the dishes.
You go study.
All right, I got to push off.
We'll do that training tomorrow,
right after school.
Okay, Amy? Don't forget.
- Go see those horses, huh?
- Mm-hmm.
Thanks for dinner.
Bye.
Can I be excused?
Yep.
She didn't touch her food.
[Knocking on door]
Everything all right?
Fine. It's not like
it's the first time I've stayed here.
You better get started on that.
And if you find that you need
a little more territory,
there's always space
in the attic or the barn.
Very funny.
Good night.
It's just me and you,
Knucklehead.
Did you get those special bagels?
What special bagels?
Didrt you get the list of food
my mom e-mailed you
with the foods I do like
and the foods
that absolutely repulse me?
I didn't get any e-mail
from your mom, Mallory.
Oh, hey, do you want to go look
at horses with me after school today?
Oh, I can't.
Dad's coming over.
They already got the cheese in them.
You just stick them in the microwave.
They're all I eat for breakfast.
There is yogurt in the fridge
and muesli on the counter.
Just saying the word "muesli"
makes me want to heave.
Listen, when I'm in town,
I'll get you your bagels
if I remember.
How about after Dad leaves?
I can't. I got to study.
Are you coming?
We're going to be late.
How about tomorrow?
No?
Okay, that's cool.
I'll just do it by myself.
[School bell rings]
Ah, Amy.
Just who I wanted to talk to.
Really?
You've consistently missed
your Earth Sciences study group.
But just your luck,
I'm having one after school today.
If you want to bring up
your participation mark,
I suggest you be there.
Okay. I will.
Good.
Oh, Miss Adams.
I'm sorry. I can't.
My dad...
I've just got something else
scheduled.
You're not doing yourself
any favors, are you, Amy?
He's amazing.
Did you see that?
He just steps over it.
He kind of took the long way
around the last two, but...
I'm just taking it easy.
I'm a little worried
about the footing.
It rained all last night,
and the ground is torn up.
She shouldn't be jumping.
Listen to the expert.
Why don't you tell
"Coach Tim" that?
What's that, hon?
Ty says it's dangerous
to be jumping.
That's a bunch of bull.
I compete in all weather.
Bit of mud's not going
to hold me back.
Spoken like a true cowboy.
Why don't you go again?
I'll time you.
He's not a rodeo horse, Dad.
I got to cool him off.
Yeah, okay. Yeah, fine.
You want to call it a day.
Okay, all right.
We'll do it again tomorrow
when it's nice and dry.
- Mr. Fleming?
- Yeah?
- Do you got a minute at all?
- Sure.
See what you got.
Come on, Caleb!
- Nice!
- Come on!
A little less spur.
- Go, go, go!
- CALEB: Come on!
AMY: Come on, Caleb!
Yeah!
That's it!
- AMY: Come on, Caleb!
- Work him!
Come on!
Easy, easy.
What's the matter, boy?
AMY: He's hurt, Caleb.
His ankle's twisted.
There's heat on his tendons.
I could give him an ultrasound,
or we could wait and see.
Let's wait.
I've given him a mild tranquilizer.
It should keep him calm
for the next 12 hours or so.
But until it's fully healed,
he'll need complete stall rest.
- Stall rest?
- Absolutely.
And you'll have to cold hose him.
Sure, I can do that.
He'll be able to rodeo again, right?
Keep him real quiet,
he should recover quickly.
But there's no guarantees here.
Caleb was just showing off
a little bit too much, that's all.
Well, he was trying to impress you
is what he was trying to do.
And next time, it could be Amy.
You call Harry yet?
I'm seeing him tomorrow.
But I've been looking online,
and there are some
really good prospects.
Lou.
You can't tell anything about a horse
from a picture off the Internet.
Okay, thank you.
I know that.
I was just trying to start somewhere.
Is that okay?
Go see my dealer.
Save yourself some time.
We're on a tight schedule.
See you later, Scott.
Come on, don't stress.
Want to go for a coffee
or maybe something stronger?
Yeah, right. I can't.
I have way too much to do.
What else is new?
Hey, I'm sorry, okay?
I got to go.
I'll catch you when you have a break
in your busy schedule.
[Phone rings]
Yeah, she's here.
I'll get her for you.
Mallory, your dad's on the phone.
Well, she must be asleep, Charlie.
You want me to wake her up?
Yeah, yeah. I'll be sure
and have her call you.
Yeah, she's good.
No problems.
Okay, talk to you later.
Bye-bye.
He's keeping quiet.
Yeah, he's tranked.
You know,
it's a pretty common injury.
Yeah, I know,
but all it takes is an infection,
and boom, your horse is a goner.
That's a good way of looking at it.
That's just life.
[Sighs]
Look, I'll stay with him.
You need to study.
Thanks for sitting with him, though.
You're welcome.
You know, I might not talk to Shorty
the way you do,
but he's a real good horse and...
Well, I'd be real sorry
to lose him as a partner.
I know you would.
I'll see you tomorrow, okay?
Amy, wake up.
You're late!
What? No!
Why didn't you wake me up?
I thought you were already gone.
But if I'm late,
that means you are, too.
I'm not going to school.
I'm sick.
Oh, I've got chores to do.
Hey.
I thought you could use a hand.
You were up pretty late last night.
I heard you down here.
Yeah. So, how's Shorty?
Trank hasn't worn off yet.
I'll keep an eye on him, though.
There you go, buddy.
Thanks.
You know, for helping me out.
No worries.
See ya.
Hey.
Good luck on your exam.
Thanks.
I couldn't find better horses.
Stocky but agile,
quick and powerful.
You can have all 15.
Oh, I don't need 15.
Just five or six at the most.
Tim said you'd want them all.
I could have sold some of them
last week if I'd known.
Just give me a quote.
Is this for all 15?
Six.
I can't afford this.
You think about it.
They're good horses,
but you don't need horses that good.
I know my dad wants me
to buy these, but this is crazy.
You just have to talk to him, Lou.
It's not that easy.
I don't want him to think
that I don't appreciate his advice.
He's not just your dad.
He's your business partner.
You have to be straight
with each other.
I'm used to being straight
with the business partner.
It's the dad part that's hard.
You'll handle it.
Hey, you know, I got an idea.
You want to grab some lunch?
They've got veggie chili at Maggie's.
I got a call out in Longview.
Who doesn't have time now?
[School bell rings]
Stop writing, please.
Thank you.
Hey, Dad.
Hi, Mallory!
It's me.
Mallory, how are you, sweetheart?
I'm okay.
[Static]
Mallory, I can't...
Dad?
Dad, are you there?
Hello? Dad?
What's wrong?
Hay fever.
I'm allergic to hay.
Since when?
It just came suddenly.
Yeah. Harry called me.
- So, why'd you walk away?
- Too expensive.
Lou, the most important part
of a dude ranch is horses.
The thread count of the bed sheets
doesn't really matter.
Of course the horses
are important, Dad,
but they need to be
trail-ride horses.
Okay. So, what do you want?
Some unknown quantity
off the Internet
or some old nags that you can send
to the glue factory?
You know, it doesn't always
have to be all or nothing, Dad.
I can get good trail horses
somewhere else and for less money.
Okay. Good.
Good luck with that.
Well, thanks for your support.
Oh, man.
He sure is unappy.
I mean, he's an outdoor horse.
Heck, he's never even been
in a stall before.
Relax. Amy will calm him down.
She's got some herbs
and some special oils.
I don't hold too much
for that touchy-feely crap.
He hates being cooped up, period,
and a bunch of herbs ain't going
to do much to change that.
You've been here
for, what, four months?
You've got no idea
what Amy can do.
I fully intend to find out.
Count on it.
Hey! Hey!
Why don't you two try growing up?
Come on. Come on.
You could have made that easy.
Now, you're sending him a signal
that you're scared right there.
- What did you put it up to?
- 4'3".
I've never jumped that high.
What height do you think you have
to do if you want to move up a level?
Okay, if you're not comfortable
with it, we'll ease it up gradually.
We'll work on it bit by bit
in the morning, okay?
Before school.
Yeah, right.
What?
I was up all last night
with Shorty and Caleb,
and then I had an exam today
that I didn't even have time
to study for.
And I've got all my regular chores.
But, yeah, I'll get up
every morning to train.
Are you saying you don't
have time for the horse?
No. No.
Dad, I'll make the time.
No, it'll be fine
once school's over anyway.
Okay.
Well, let's try it again.
This one looks good.
Well, like I said,
you have to get out there
and see these horses
for yourself.
There's so many.
I need Amy.
I don't even know where to start.
You got to start somewhere.
You have no horses,
you have no business.
- You sound like Dad.
- I'm just saying.
Well, it's great to just say.
That's all Dad does is just say.
He doesn't do anything constructive.
I'm the only one doing anything.
Well, actually,
I'm not entirely useless.
I just spoke to Harry
and got him to drop his price.
He'll take 20% off
if you take all 15 horses.
Well, thank you.
But, Dad, I don't need or want all
15 of his damn quarter horses.
That is still way beyond the budget.
Well, somebody should have
thought about that
before they bought
all the fancy soap.
See you tomorrow, Amy.
Bye.
I got to go check on Shorty.
I'll see you later.
Yeah, I'll call you.
Bye, Amy.
Bye.
I hate this.
I think I know
where you can get some horses.
There's a rescue center
up on Dale's Road.
They're always looking to re-home.
That is a great idea.
Can we go now?
I can't.
That's your favorite word lately.
Well, I promised Caleb
I'd help him with Shorty.
Besides, I got a math exam
to study for.
Just go with Dad tomorrow.
Yeah, right.
Dad is always busy with you.
Thanks.
I don't know, Grandpa.
Maybe this is all just
a stupid idea, you know,
right from the start.
Want some advice?
I've had plenty of that.
Well, your dad, he means well.
He wants this business of yours
to work,
and for him, it's all about...
The horses. I know.
Tell me about it.
And while a good quarter horse
in his prime can be mighty exciting,
sometimes they're a little quick
to react.
They're a little too eager.
A greenorn rider
can end up getting way more
than he bargained for.
Yeah, so, what do I do, Grandpa?
Well, the kind of horses you need
aren't fancy, Lou.
They're safe, slow, sure-footed,
and a little on the old side,
like me.
I don't know why I'm getting
so hyper about all this.
You know darn well why.
Why?
'Cause you want to please
your dad.
But mixing business and family,
it's like throwing gas on a fire.
He won't get better,
not if he keeps doing that.
It's okay.
Easy.
What are you doing?
It's called T touch.
It just helps him relax.
- Here, give me your hand.
- No way.
Here, just try.
There you go.
Gentle circles like that.
You work down his neck.
There you go.
Well, look at that.
It's working.
Well, I saw this coming.
I can just retake the course
next year.
You have way too much
on your plate.
You have to decide what it is
you really want to do.
And failing at school
is not an option.
Well, at least school
is almost over.
It's not just school.
You've still got chores.
You're still treating problem horses.
Do you want to keep doing that?
You know I do.
Fine, then.
You may not like this dude-ranch
thing any more than I do,
but it is happening, and we all
have to pull our weight for Lou.
So there's that, too.
Amy, you cannot dance
at all the weddings.
Sooner or later,
you have to make a choice.
Something's got to give.
Like what?
You don't need me to tell you.
You've been under the gun
ever since your father gave you
that jumping horse.
Grandpa, that's just...
That's just you and him.
That's what this is about.
That is not true.
You have to face facts.
Show jumping requires you
to travel all over the countryside.
Do you really think you can do that
along with everything else?
I do.
I have to go to the show
this weekend, okay?
Dad would kill me if I didn't.
It's his goal.
Well, for me, I mean.
ANNOUNCER: 47.385 seconds,
8 jumping faults.
Okay, hon, how do you feel?
A lot of time, a lot of money
has gone into this, so relax.
Just concentrate on the goal.
You can do this.
I got a feeling today
is your winning day.
Easy boy. Good boy.
Number 12, Ashley Stanton
from Briar Ridge riding Apollo.
[Horse neighs]
Come on, Apollo.
Good boy.
Ashley, don't coddle him.
Show him who's boss!
Don't, Mother!
There.
You see?
[Horse neighs]
Oh.
Ashley Stanton on Apollo.
47.385 seconds,
16 jumping faults.
Number 24, Amy Fleming,
Heartland Ranch, on Storm.
Amy Fleming on Storm.
43.274 seconds, no faults.
Can you believe my mother?
I have never been
more humiliated in my life.
I love jumping, and I love Apollo,
but it's just not won'th the grief.
I've had it. I quit.
First place, number 24,
Amy Fleming,
Heartland Ranch, on Storm.
[Applause]
You did it!
You did it! You won!
I knew you could do it!
Congratulations!
Let's go home.
This was Amy's idea,
and I think they're perfect.
Yeah, if you want
a bunch of old nags.
Dad, we've built our reputation
on saving unwanted horses.
This would build
on the Heartland brand.
No, Lou. Our reputation
is built on quality.
We don't want our guests thinking
we don't know the difference
between good horses
and bad horses.
These are good horses, Dad,
for trail rides.
I mean, who do you think
is gonna be coming
to our dude ranch?
Ex-rodeo cowboys like you?
They don't call them dudes
for nothing.
I don't want to argue with you
about every little thing.
Neither do I.
Listen, I've been giving this
a lot of thought,
and it's clear we don't share
the same vision.
And maybe we should
seriously consider
whether or not
we can work together.
- Come on!
- No, listen.
This is my project and my idea,
and I need to be able
to make decisions as I see fit.
Maybe you're right.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Well, you didn't seem
very happy yesterday,
and you came first.
- It just wasrt fun.
- It wasrt fun?
No, it wasrt.
Well, Amy, everything in life
isn't fun.
I mean, Ashley. She has
a little trouble at the gate,
and she throws it?
That was ridiculous.
I totally understand
where Ashley's coming from.
Her mom pushed her
and pushed her, just like you...
Just like I... Finish.
Just like I push you?
Of course I push you.
Lou still didn't get me
those special bagels.
If I'd have had to throw it
every time I had a little trouble
at the gate with a bull or a calf,
I never would have brought home
any winnings!
You got to push it!
Push, push, push until you get
where you need to go.
I'm not you.
I can't compete with Storm
every weekend.
Okay? I can't handle everything.
So, what are you saying?
You want to get rid of Storm?
No. I don't know.
You don't know?
If you don't want the horse,
just tell me.
Dad, I love him.
He's the best horse
I've ever ridden.
I love Storm. He's amazing.
Yeah, and he's yours.
So, you don't have to ask
my permission.
So, why don't you just sell him?
I mean, go ahead.
That would be a shame.
Do what you want to do.
Sell him.
Dad.
If you see your sister,
tell her to call me.
[Engine starts]
[Knocking on door]
Dad was looking for you.
I know.
I told him I couldn't jump anymore.
How'd that go?
He was devastated.
I should have never told him.
Yes, you should have, Amy.
You can't worry
about pleasing Dad all the time.
What, like you?
Hiding away in your office,
running a dude ranch without
any horses or a business partner.
How's that working out for you?
Okay, I didn't say
it was an ideal situation.
But whatever,
at least I told him how I feel,
and maybe he'll come around,
and if he doesn't,
then I have to move on.
I just don't want to hurt him.
Neither do I.
It's hard.
I'm not used to this.
Me neither.
So, what do we do?
I don't know.
- Here we go.
- Yeah, here we go.
What?
First of all, if you say
"Do what you want" to your kids,
you damn better mean it.
Second, don't you think
for a minute
that Amy doesn't like that horse.
She loves that horse,
and it's killing her
to even think about giving it up.
She doesn't need you
to make her feel worse.
You should talk.
All you do is hold those girls back.
First, it's Lou and her project,
over the sake of, what,
some old buildings.
And now you don't want Amy
to have a show-jumping career
because she's behind
on her chores?
You've been gone a long time, Tim.
You missed a good 10 years
of seeing how these girls
think and work.
Nobody knows that
more than me, Jack.
So, you can't just waltz on in here
and tell them what their future
looks like.
I just want to help them go
as far as they can.
Be the best, and you're right,
I've been away for 10 years.
I missed 10 years of their life.
I owe it to them.
To their mother.
You know, half the time,
I don't know what I'm doing.
I'm just winging it.
But I love them, Jack.
You know that.
I'm trying.
Fair enough.
You know, I would have given
anything to have somebody there
to push me when I was Amy's age.
My life might have turned out
a hell of a lot different
if somebody was there
to guide me.
You know it.
I might have gone somewhere.
Sometimes, Tim, these girls,
they don't want to "go" anywhere.
You keep looking so far ahead,
you miss seeing
where they're at right now.
That's all I came here to say.
Hey, boy.
What am I going to do with you,
huh?
Hey.
How's Shorty?
He's better.
Did that whole massage thing.
Fed him some Valerian.
Chewed a bit myself.
It's not bad.
I'm all mellow.
But I got a deep,
dark secret for you.
Oh, I already know
about Jennifer Love Hewitt.
Not that.
I talk to Shorty.
No way.
I do.
And I think he understands me.
Well, I won't tell anyone that,
'cause, you know, people have
been kicked out of rodeo for less.
For sure.
You sure are happy today.
Well, I've decided that I'm not going
to show jump anymore.
You know, I'm just gonna keep him
and ride him for fun,
but not compete.
What?
He's a show horse, right?
Bred for it.
It's kind of cruel to keep a horse
from doing what it's meant to do.
I mean, Shorty would be miserable
if he couldn't do what he likes to do.
And what he likes to do
is bulldogging.
I'd hate to think what'll happen
if he can't do that anymore.
[Knocking on door]
Okay, let's talk.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I've just decided to live
a less-complicated life.
More nomadic.
Who needs clothes and stuff?
What's wrong?
Everything.
Like what?
Well, I had to beg you
to let me stay here, right?
Yes, you did.
And I just thought that I wouldn't
get homesick, but I am,
and I thought I wasrt gonna
miss my parents, but I do,
and I thought I was
just gonna totally fit in,
but it's like no one even notices me.
It's like I don't even have
a family anymore.
Are you done?
You have a family.
And they can't wait
to talk to you.
They've been phoning here nonstop.
And you're definitely part
of this tribe, too.
As soon as you start unpacking
your stuff here
and make this room your own,
the faster you'll start to feel
at home.
So, get it done.
I can make it my own?
I can redecorate it?
I thought it was, like, a shrine.
Phone your parents now.
I'm gonna regret that.
Hi, Dad.
Hi! I'm fine.
Yeah. I get to redecorate my room.
Okay.
Yeah, I'll get back to you.
Thanks, Nick.
Bye.
Hey.
That was Nick Harwell.
He's offered to jump Storm for me,
you know, take him on the circuit,
fulfill his potential.
What do you think?
I don't know.
Might be the best of both worlds.
Yeah.
I just don't think I could watch
someone else competing on him.
I know it sounds selfish
or whatever,
but I just love him too much
to share him.
Nick offered to buy him.
I think I have to sell him, Ty.
I do.
Are you sure you want to do this?
They'll make a great team.
I'll take care of him, Amy.
Don't you worry.
- Okay.
- Come visit him anytime.
Hey, boy.
You gonna be a good boy for me?
Hey, Dad.
Hey.
Um, about Storm...
Oh, no, it's okay. I heard.
Nick called me.
It was your decision to make,
and I know how hard
that must have been for you.
So whatever it is that you want
to do, Amy, I'm there for you.
Thanks.
I got your money.
No.
No, no, no.
Storm was a gift.
That money is a gift.
- Dad.
- Yeah.
Okay.
I love you.
I love you, too.
Amy, I can't take this from you.
This was a gift from Dad to you.
I'm not giving it to you, Lou.
I'm investing it in your corporate,
equine-retreat thing.
It may not be my kind of thing,
but you're gonna make it work.
I'm expecting quarterly reports.
Yeah, you probably are.
I'm fine.
It's unbelievable
how dysfunctional this family is.
Yeah. They make us look normal.
Guess what.
Lou got my special bagels,
so it's starting to feel
a lot more like home.
Yeah, pretty much.
Exactly what I was talking about.
Good, honest riding horses.
Solid and dependable.
You mean old.
Well, I wanted to come by
and make sure
you got the best of the worst.
I'm kidding.
Honey, I want to be
your business partner.
I made some mistakes,
but I'm 100% behind you.
Deal.
Provided you remember when it
comes to running this business,
I'm the trail boss.
Oh, you're the trail boss.
So let's take a look
at these champions.
I hope we can be partners, too.
We need some alone time.
I know. I'm sorry.
I've been so consumed
by everything,
and I don't know...
Maybe once the dude ranch
is up and running...
Yeah. You'll have all the time
in the world.
Alone time. Say that.
Alone time.
♪ Oh, I'm just waiting for my time ♪
♪ Oh, I ♪
Smile!
♪ Oh, I'm just waiting for my time ♪
♪ Oh, I ♪
♪ Waiting for my time ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org